Fix formatting issues in documentation (#5555)
ilios/ilios: docs/ilios_api.md

This document provides instructions for connecting to the Ilios API for making requests to an Ilios backend from third-party applications.

## API Endpoints

> The functional endpoints provided by the Ilios API, and how they are called, are listed and documented at /api/doc on the webserver that runs Ilios. For example, to examine the API endpoints and their use on the publicly-accessible Ilios demo server ([https://ilios3-demo.ucsf.edu](https://ilios3-demo.ucsf.edu)), one would just need to visit [https://ilios3-demo.ucsf.edu/api/doc](https://ilios3-demo.ucsf.edu/api/doc) in their browser.

Reviewer: let's update the URL to the demo site while at it.

```suggestion
The functional endpoints provided by the Ilios API, and how they are called, are listed and documented at /api/doc on the webserver that runs Ilios. For example, to examine the API endpoints and their use on the publicly-accessible Ilios demo server ([https://demo.iliosproject.org](https://demo.iliosproject.org)), one would just need to visit [https://demo.iliosproject.org/api/doc](https://demo.iliosproject.org/api/doc) in their browser.
```

## API Authentication - Using JSON Web Tokens

To make calls to any of the endpoints provided by the Ilios API, a valid JSON Web Token (JWT) must be sent along in the headers of the HTTP request. JWT's can be created and invalidated as-needed by any user when they visit their profile page (`/myprofile`) in the Ilios application. The permissions for the token reflect those of the account of the user creating the token - any tasks available to the user within the Ilios frontend GUI application will be available to the user's API request(s) when making API calls using the JWT token they generated.

### Creating a JSON Web Token (JWT)

> To create a new JWT, a user should log into their Ilios application and visit their profile page at `/myprofile` (e.g., [https://ilios3-demo.ucsf.edu/myprofile](https://ilios3-demo.ucsf.edu/myprofile)). Once on their profile page, they can create a new token by clicking on the 'Create New' button, selecting an expiration date for the token, and copying the JWT text returned. For security reasons, it is ill-advised to create a token with an expiration date far out into the future; tokens should only remain valid for their intended duration and no longer. All tokens no longer being used should be invalidated ASAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new JWT, a user should log into their Ilios application and visit their profile page at `/myprofile` (e.g., [https://demo.iliosproject.org/myprofile](https://demo.iliosproject.org/myprofile)). Once on their profile page, they can create a new token by clicking on the 'Create New' button, selecting an expiration date for the token, and copying the JWT text returned. For security reasons, it is ill-advised to create a token with an expiration date far out into the future; tokens should only remain valid for their intended duration and no longer. All tokens no longer being used should be invalidated ASAP.
```

Using the 'Modify Headers for Google Chrome' extension in Google Chrome as an example, visit the extension's configuration page and do the following:

1. Click the `Add New` button - a new row should appear to allow for adding a new header.
2. In the new row that appears, select `Add` for the `Action` attribute and enter `X-JWT-Authorization` for the `Name` attribute.
3. Under `Value`, enter the following exactly as displayed below and save/enable it when you're done:

    ```shell
    Token eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJpbGlvcyIsImF1ZCI6ImlsaW9zIiwiaWF0IjoiMTQ3OTE2NDIxNSIsImV4cCI6IjE0ODA0MDY0MDAiLCJ1c2VyX2lkIjoxNn0.45RN1Tw9bd_dgeiGVTJCm8sy_x4UD_a9xE4hHYS6H08
    ```

If all went as planned, this header value should now be sent with EVERY request you make from the browser until you choose to disable it or you disable and/or uninstall the extension entirely.

To test that the header is being sent correctly, visit your Ilios API instance and check for users by appending `/api/v1/users` to your own Ilios URL as shown here:

> [https://ilios3-demo.ucsf.edu/api/v1/users](https://ilios3-demo.ucsf.edu/api/v1/users)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[https://demo.iliosproject.org/api/v1/users](https://demo.iliosproject.org/api/v1/users)
```
